feat: new pre-commit hook to update Nextflow manifest version (#193)
CCBR/Tools: CHANGELOG.md

## Tools development version

> - New pre-commit hook: `ccbr-hooks sync-nextflow-version`. Syncs `manifest.version` in `nextflow.config` from the repo `VERSION` file. (#PR, @kelly-sovacool)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New pre-commit hook: `ccbr-hooks sync-nextflow-version`. Syncs `manifest.version` in `nextflow.config` from the repo `VERSION` file. (#193, @kelly-sovacool, @copilot)
```
